chore: update coins.json (#821)
trezor/connect: docs/supported-coins.md

# Supported coins

## The pipeline

Do not change `src/data/coins.json` manually.

The one and only source of truth are `*.json` definitions declared and maintained in the [firmware repository](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-firmware/tree/master/common/defs). 

> These are duplicated as read-only in the [trezor-common](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-common) repository.

Reviewer: Maybe better:

```suggestion
These are exported to a read-only [trezor-common](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-common) repository.
```

Author: 239c7de

`trezor-common` is included in `trezor-connect` as git submodule mounted at `submodules/trezor-common`.

## Update and maintenance in trezor-connect

> _Make sure that desired `[coin].json` definition is present in `trezor-firmware` repository *and* corresponding [support for connect](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-firmware/blob/master/common/defs/support.json#L3) is enabled._

Reviewer: Small preference to replace https://github.com/trezor/trezor-firmware/blob/master/common/defs/support.json#L3 with https://github.com/trezor/trezor-firmware/blob/4e005de02fbb9db11a304587ec1abe8aab80cdfd/common/defs/support.json#L3 . (You get such link by pressing `y` btw.) This way the link will always link to the same content

Author: 239c7de

> update `trezor-common` submodule

Reviewer: Now I am just bikeshedding..

```suggestion
1. Update `trezor-common` submodule:
```

Author: 239c7de

```
make submodule
```

> build `src/data/coins.json` file using `trezor-common/cointool`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build `src/data/coins.json` file using `trezor-common/cointool`:
```

Author: 239c7de
